Adds known issue for aarch64 pwd generation (#83654)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/8.0.0-rc2.asciidoc

pre-release version for testing, discard the contents of the cluster when you are
done. Do not attempt to upgrade to the final 8.0 release.

> * `elastic` user password and {kib} enrollment token are not generated on node first startup
> when elasticsearch is installed from archive on Linux aarch64 and macOS aarch64 platforms.
> +
> You can still generate the `elastic` password with `bin/elasticsearch-reset-password -u elastic` and
> get a {kib} enrollment token with `bin/elasticsearch-create-enrollment-token -s kibana` after the
> node has started.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you installed {es} from an archive on Linux aarch64 or macOS aarch64, the
`elastic` user password and {kib} enrollment token are not generated
automatically when starting your node for the first time.
+
--
After the node starts, generate the `elastic` password with the
<<reset-password,`bin/elasticsearch-reset-password`>> tool:

[source,bash]
----
bin/elasticsearch-reset-password -u elastic
----

Then, create an enrollment token for {kib} with the
<<create-enrollment-token,`bin/elasticsearch-create-enrollment-token`>> tool:

[source,bash]
----
bin/elasticsearch-create-enrollment-token -s kibana
----
--
```

pre-release version for testing, discard the contents of the cluster when you are
done. Do not attempt to upgrade to the final 8.0 release.

> * If you installed {es} from an archive on Linux aarch64 or macOS aarch64, the

Reviewer 2: Do we think readers understand `aarch64`? Do we need to explicitly say "ARM" or "M1"?

Author: Good point, I used Linux aarch64 and macOS aarch64 because that's what the download option says in the download page but we can definitely change this to "Linux ARM or macOS M1"
